The Assistant have the following informations to reply about the data science platform:
<information>
```"3. Select Uninstall to remove Phoenix from your machine. 
Note: The uninstaller does NOT remove the wsl distro and some associated 
Phoenix files. To remove them from your machine, manually select the files and 
move them to your recycle bin. 
Contacting Support 
Phoenix users can rely on a dedicated support team to help resolve conflicts in a pinch. 
To contact support: 
1. Click on the Support tile at the bottom of the utility bar. 
2. Specify the operating system in use when you encountered the problem. 
3. Provide the Case ID (if applicable) for your ticket. 
4. Enter a brief description of the problem, what you were doing when it occurred, 
and how the observed behavior differs from what is expected. 
5. Attach any files (if applicable), screenshots, or other documents to provide 
support agents with as much context as possible. 
6. Click on Submit to reach out to support. 
One of our support agents will reach out to you via email to help resolve your problem. 
Resolution usually only takes a few hours, but wait at least a business day for support 
before reaching out about the same problem again. 
Navigating the Projects Page 
If you’re a returning Phoenix user, you can find and manage your teams' projects on a 
single pane of glass, directly from the Projects Page. 
To find the project you're looking for: 
 
The In Progress tab displays all projects that haven’t yet been marked as 
completed. 
 
The Favorited tab displays projects you highlight, so you can easily access the 
higher priority projects you monitor frequently. 
 
The Archived tab displays all the completed projects you're listed as a team 
member for. 
Clicking the icon in the upper-right corner of a project tile triggers the project options 
dropdown box to appear. Each project tile gives you the option to duplicate it, save the 
project as a template, archive it, or to directly share it with other stakeholders. 
Connecting Data to a Project 
When you finish adding details, use your AWS credentials to connect to your existing 
projects. This page lets you connect to remote storage and create a new dataset with 
your data from AWS."
"Note: You’ll get a warning if your machine can’t optimally run your selection. 
2. Name your new workspace. 
3. Click on Start Workspace to start working on your project. 
Creating a Custom Workspace 
For projects that need more nuanced customization, you can set up your own 
workspace from scratch. 
To choose your environment: 
1. Select an image from the options in the dropdown menu. 
2. Add any custom libraries you want to use in your workspace, then click Save. 
Phoenix recommends a configuration based on the specifications outlined in previous 
steps, but you can always adjust them to better suit your needs. 
To manually configure your environment: 
1. Enter the number of cores your project requires. 
2. Specify the amount of memory your project requires. 
3. Toggle the GPU on / off to satisfy your project's graphical requirements. 
4. Name your workspace. 
5. Click on Start Workspace to begin working on your project. 
Reusing a Workspace 
To reuse a workspace: 
1. Select the Reuse a Workspace page at the top of your screen. 
2. Scroll to view previously used workspaces, or find a specific one using the search 
bar. You can search by workspace name, library name, or task type. 
o 
Click on the checkbox beside the workspace you want to select. 
3. Name your workspace. 
4. Click on Start Workspace to begin working on your project. 
You can also view the memory, cores, and GPU required for each workspace to run 
optimally to help determine which workstation best suits your needs. 
Using the Monitoring Page 
Phoenix runs the tools you select natively, so you can use all your favorite DS 
applications directly from the application. 
To start monitoring: 
1. Click on Add a Tool to connect the monitoring tool you want to use for your 
project. 
o 
Phoenix currently only supports ML Flow and Tensorboard, but will support more 
DS applications in the coming releases. 
 
list the supported applications users can refer to here 
2. Click the icon in the upper-right corner of the DS tool panel to enter fullscreen"
"Connecting Data to a Project 
When you finish adding details, use your AWS credentials to connect to your existing 
projects. This page lets you connect to remote storage and create a new dataset with 
your data from AWS. 
To connect your data: 
1. Enter your Connection Name, AWS Account, and the name of the bucket(s) you 
want to connect. 
2. Enter your IAM role ARN. Then, click on Connect to Remote Storage to create a 
new connection. 
3. Name your dataset, select your connection, and set a dataset path. Then, click 
on Create Dataset to save your new dataset. 
Now that your dataset is up and running, add your collaborators to get started on your 
new project. 
Inviting Team Members 
After you connect your AWS data to Phoenix, you’re ready to start collaborating. 
To invite more team members: 
1. Enter their email address in the provided field. 
2. Enter their role to delegate responsibility among collaborators. 
3. Click Add more team members to increase your team's size, then repeat steps 1 
and 2 until your team is complete. 
4. Click on Create Project to get started. 
During EAP, you can invite up to ten (10) teammates to collaborate on a project. You 
can add or remove team members at any time from the project details page. Starting 
with the controlled launch, the maximum number of collaborators permitted on a team 
will depend on your specific license agreement. 
Using a Predefined Workspace 
Using one the predefined Phoenix workspaces is as easy as following three simple steps: 
1. Choose the workspace size that is most compatible with your machine(s). 
o Small: For basic libraries, small workspaces offer lightning-fast startup 
times, but sacrifice compute and power to do so. 
o Medium: The recommended setup for most users. Medium workspaces 
have the most balance of power and speed. 
o Large: For the most complex experiments, this is the most powerful 
workspace Phoenix can offer. 
Note: You’ll get a warning if your machine can’t optimally run your selection. 
2. Name your new workspace. 
3. Click on Start Workspace to start working on your project."
"you previously downloaded. 
Note: Datasets are also viewable and can be managed from the Notebooks tab on your 
project’s home page. 
Team Settings 
You can view and search for current members of your team under the My team tab. 
Pending invitations appear under the Pending tab until invitees accept or decline the 
invitation sent to their email address. 
You can also use the Pending tab to view the date an invite was sent, or you can resend 
an invitation to pending invitees by clicking on Remind. Uninvited users who request 
access to your team will appear under the Requests tab. 
To manually add users to an existing team: 
1. From the Team Settings page in the Account tile, click on Invite team member. 
2. Enter their email address and choose their role from the dropdown. 
3. Click on Add more team members and repeat step 2 for each user you want to 
add. 
4. When you’re finished adding members, click on Invite to add them to your team. 
Phoenix sends each new member an invitation to join the team via email. You can 
remove users from your team or edit individual user policies at any time by clicking on 
the more options icon [icon screenshot]. 
Billing 
The billing tab lets admin users view and manage their Phoenix subscription 
information, view the status and date of past invoices, and see how many remaining 
seats are included in their license. 
Manage team members 
Manage subscription 
Generate a PO 
Speak with an expert 
Company Details 
The company details page is functionally the admin home page, where admin users can 
view and change the company name, billing email, and company logo. 
Admins can also use the company details page to delete the Phoenix account associated 
with their team and related projects. After deleting your account, you will lose access to 
your projects, team information, and other associated data."
"DS applications in the coming releases. 
 
list the supported applications users can refer to here 
2. Click the icon in the upper-right corner of the DS tool panel to enter fullscreen 
mode. Or, simply use the application as you normally would from the default 
panel if you. 
The Monitor panel gives you real-time access to your project’s GPU, CPU, and Memory 
consumption, and Phoenix AI recommends configuration improvements based on your 
usage trends. 
Using the Notebooks Page 
Each tab on the Notebooks page represents a different notebook and you can have up 
to __ running simultaneously. 
To create a new service: 
1. Click on Create a Service. 
2. Select a model from the dropdown. 
3. Name the service. 
4. Click on Browse a local file in the Bento ML panel to find a container to run your service 
in. 
5. Click on Create Service to save your settings and create a new service. 
Your project’s GPU, CPU, and memory consumption appear in the corner of the screen, 
so you can visualize the effects of the tests you run in real-time. When you create a new 
service, it automatically becomes viewable from the Published Services tab. 
Data Fabric 
In Phoenix data directories are mounted in the container so users can use the data to 
train machine learning models and run other high-velocity tests. 
To create a new dataset: 
1. Navigate to the Data Fabric page, then click on Add new dataset. 
2. Enter a name, description, and the storage type for your dataset. 
3. Specify your provider and complete the corresponding fields that populate. 
Currently, Phoenix only supports AWS S3. 
4. Specify the download and upload settings that apply to your dataset. 
5. When you’re finished, click Save to create the new dataset. 
From the Datasets home page, you can use the upload feature to copy local datasets 
into a cloud provider. The home page also lets you upload changes to a local dataset 
you previously downloaded. 
Note: Datasets are also viewable and can be managed from the Notebooks tab on your 
project’s home page. 
Team Settings"```
</information>

The following conversation is from the Assistant especialist in data science and an user from a data science platform. Complete what the Assistant would reply without ask anything or any other comments.
<conversation>
<Assistant>Hi!</Assistant>

</conversation>
<question>
<User>Hello, my dear friend</User>
</question>
Answer: <answer>